doc: usability improvement to introduction page (#3377)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/introduction.rst

About the |NCS|
###############

> The nRF Connect SDK (NCS) enables you to develop applications for nRF series devices. It is a set of open source projects hosted by Nordic Semiconductor, consisting of several components such as:

Author: Done

* `sdk-nrf`_ repository.
* `nrfxlib`_ repository, see the :doc:`nrfxlib documentation <nrfxlib:README>`.
* `sdk-mcuboot`_ repository, see the :doc:`documentation <mcuboot:index>` in Nordic Semiconductor’s MCUboot fork.
* `Zephyr`_ project, see the :doc:`documentation <zephyr:index>` in Nordic Semiconductor’s Zephyr fork.

The repositories contain the application code, drivers, re-distributable libraries, and forks of open-source code used in the SDK.

The main repository is ``sdk-nrf``. It contains application and sample projects as well as the SDK manifest file that enables you to manage the repositories as one code base with the ``west`` tool.

Toolchain
*********

> The figure below visualizes the toolchain in NCS. It is based on the :ref:`Zephyr toolchain <zephyr:getting_started>`. It is a set of different tools, each having a role in the creation of an application, from configuring the system to building it.

Author: Done.

About the |NCS|
###############

> The nRF Connect SDK (NCS) enables you to develop applications for nRF Series devices.

Reviewer: Remove '(NCS)'

> The nRF Connect SDK (NCS) enables you to develop applications for nRF Series devices.

Reviewer: replace 'for nRF Series devices' with 'for nRF52, nRF53, and nRF91 Series devices.'

It is a set of open source projects hosted by Nordic Semiconductor, consisting of several components such as:

* `sdk-nrf`_ repository.
* `nrfxlib`_ repository, see the :doc:`nrfxlib documentation <nrfxlib:README>`.
* `sdk-mcuboot`_ repository, see the :doc:`documentation <mcuboot:index>` in Nordic Semiconductor’s MCUboot fork.
* `Zephyr`_ project, see the :doc:`documentation <zephyr:index>` in Nordic Semiconductor’s Zephyr fork.

The repositories contain the application code, drivers, re-distributable libraries, and forks of open-source code used in the SDK.

The main repository is ``sdk-nrf``.

> It contains application and sample projects as well as the SDK manifest file that enables you to manage the repositories as one code base with the ``west`` tool.

Reviewer 2: Might need to update the text a bit to avoid duplication.

> Toolchain

Reviewer 2: We should not use the term toolchain, because in Zephyr, toolchain refers to the compiler toolchain (for example, GNU Arm Embedded Toolchain).
Also, not sure if Kconfig and devicetree can be considered part of the toolchain - these are ways to configure the application, not tools.

*********

> The figure below visualizes the toolchain in NCS. It is based on the :ref:`Zephyr toolchain <zephyr:getting_started>`.

Reviewer: Spell out NCS -> nRF Connect SDK

> The figure below visualizes the toolchain in |NCS|. It is based on the :ref:`Zephyr toolchain <zephyr:getting_started>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The figure below visualizes the toolchain in |NCS|. 
It is based on the :ref:`Zephyr toolchain <zephyr:getting_started>`.
```
Again, we shouldn't use toolchain here.

> It is a set of different tools, each having a role in the creation of an application, from configuring the system to building it.

Reviewer 2: Not sure about "configuring the system" - I would read that as configuring your NCS installation, or the tools, but actually what you do is configure libraries or the application.

.. figure:: images/ncs-toolchain.png

>    :alt: NCS toolchain

Reviewer 2: We don't use the NCS abbreviation in the docs. Spell out or use |NCS|.

Author: Done

Reviewer 2: It's still "NCS toolchain" here.

   NCS toolchain

> * :ref:`zephyr:kconfig` generates definitions that configure the whole system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :ref:`zephyr:kconfig` generates definitions that configure libraries and subsystems.
```

> * :ref:`Device Tree <zephyr:dt-guide>` describes the hardware.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :ref:`Devicetree <zephyr:dt-guide>` describes the hardware.
```

> * Cmake uses the information from Kconfig and the Device Tree to generate build files, see the `CMake documentation`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* CMake uses the information from Kconfig and the devicetree to generate build files, see the `CMake documentation`_.
```
I think this is misleading. CMake itself has no idea about Kconfig or devicetree, so the CMake documentation will have no information about this.
CMake generates build files based on the provided CMakeList.txt files, which use information from Kconfig and devicetree.

* Ninja (comparable to make) uses the build files to build the program, see the `Ninja documentation`_.

> * The `GCC compiler system`_ creates the executables.

Reviewer 2: I would just say GCC compiler. Also ninja calls GCC, so it might be confusing to list this as a separate step - you don't run GCC, but only ninja.

West
====

> The Zephyr project includes a tool called ``west``, that enables you to manage multiple repositories.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Zephyr project includes a tool called ``west`` that enables you to manage multiple repositories.
```
or
```suggestion
The Zephyr project includes a tool called ``west``, which enables you to manage multiple repositories.
```

> This tool is useful if your application uses libraries and features from folders that are cloned from different repositories or projects.

Reviewer 2: This is true, but confusing - "your application" will use the NCS, and the NCS consists of different repos and requires west.

Author: Let's just leave this as it is unless you wish to rewrite.

> It keeps control of which commits to use from the different projects. It also makes it fairly simple to add and remove modules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It keeps control of which commits to use from the different projects. 
It also makes it fairly simple to add and remove modules.
```

> A west installation contains one manifest repository and multiple projects, where the manifest repository controls which commits to use from the different projects.

Reviewer 2: "A west installation" is the installation of the west tool. 
What you mean is called a "west workspace", I think.

> For more information, see the :ref:`zephyr:west`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see the :ref:`zephyr:west` user guide.
```

See :ref:`getting_started` for information about how to install the |NCS| and about the first steps.

> .. toctree::

Reviewer 2: We cannot have subpages for a page that has sections. So we'll either need to get rid of the subpages (and integrate the information here) or put the content above on a separate subpage.

Author: Left out subpages.

See :ref:`getting_started` for information about how to install the |NCS| and about the first steps.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

>    :caption: Subpages:

Reviewer 2: Subpages is the standard heading that we use (except on the index page).

Author: Left out subpages.

About the |NCS|
###############

The nRF Connect SDK enables you to develop applications for nRF52, nRF53, and nRF91 Series devices.
It is a set of open source projects maintained by Nordic Semiconductor, consisting of several repositories such as:

* `sdk-nrf`_ repository - contains applications, samples, libraries, and drivers that are specifically targeted at Nordic Semiconductor devices.
* `sdk-nrfxlib`_ repository - contains closed-source libraries and modules in binary format.
  See the :doc:`nrfxlib documentation <nrfxlib:README>`.
* `sdk-mcuboot`_ repository - contains a fork of the `MCUboot`_ project, which provides a secure bootloader application.
  You can find the fork in :file:`bootloader/mcuboot` after obtaining the nRF Connect SDK source code.
  See the :doc:`documentation <mcuboot:index>` in Nordic Semiconductor’s MCUboot fork.
* `sdk-zephyr`_ repository - contains a fork of the `Zephyr`_ project, which provides samples, libraries, and drivers for a wide variety of devices, including Nordic Semiconductor devices.
  See the :doc:`documentation <zephyr:index>` in Nordic Semiconductor’s Zephyr fork.

The main repository is ``sdk-nrf``.

> It contains the SDK manifest file that enables you to manage the repositories as one code base with the ``west`` tool.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It contains the SDK manifest file that enables you to manage the repositories as one code base with the west tool.
```
This is just a tool name, no need for code markup.

Tools and configuration
***********************

The figure below visualizes the tools and configuration methods in |NCS|.
They are based on the :ref:`Zephyr project <zephyr:getting_started>`.
All of them have a role in the creation of an application, from configuring the libraries or applications to building them.

> .. figure:: images/ncs-toolchain.png

Reviewer 2: The image should have transparent background, not white (since the background color in the output is not quite white, so you can see a difference).

Author: Just built locally, but I cannot see any difference.

Reviewer 2: Try checking on a different monitor maybe - it's a slight difference, but it's there:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11227796/104291854-603b0e80-54bc-11eb-9007-710d01cdf8a2.png)

   :alt: nRF Connect SDK tools and configuration

   |NCS| tools and configuration methods

* :ref:`zephyr:kconfig` generates definitions that configure libraries and subsystems.
* :ref:`Devicetree <zephyr:dt-guide>` describes the hardware.

> * CMake generates build files based on the provided ``CMakeList.txt`` files, which use information from Kconfig and devicetree.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* CMake generates build files based on the provided :file:`CMakeLists.txt` files, which use information from Kconfig and devicetree.
```

> * CMake generates build files based on the provided :file:`CMakeList.txt` files, which use information from Kconfig and devicetree.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* CMake generates build files based on the provided :file:`CMakeLists.txt` files, which use information from Kconfig and devicetree.
```

About the |NCS|
###############

The nRF Connect SDK enables you to develop applications for nRF52, nRF53, and nRF91 Series devices.
It is a set of open source projects maintained by Nordic Semiconductor, consisting of several repositories such as:

* `sdk-nrf`_ repository - contains applications, samples, libraries, and drivers that are specifically targeted at Nordic Semiconductor devices.
* `sdk-nrfxlib`_ repository - contains closed-source libraries and modules in binary format.
  See the :doc:`nrfxlib documentation <nrfxlib:README>`.

> * `sdk-mcuboot`_ repository - contains a fork of the MCUboot project, which provides a secure bootloader application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `sdk-mcuboot`_ repository - contains a fork of the `MCUboot`_ project, which provides a secure bootloader application.
```

Author: Fixed

  You can find the fork in ``bootloader/mcuboot`` after obtaining the nRF Connect SDK source code.
  See the :doc:`documentation <mcuboot:index>` in Nordic Semiconductor’s MCUboot fork.
* `sdk-zephyr`_ repository - contains a fork of the `Zephyr`_ project, which provides samples, libraries, and drivers for a wide variety of devices, including Nordic Semiconductor devices.
  See the :doc:`documentation <zephyr:index>` in Nordic Semiconductor’s Zephyr fork.

> The repositories contain the application code, drivers, re-distributable libraries, and forks of open-source code used in the SDK.

Reviewer 2: Do we need this sentence? I think it's covered by the list above.

Author: Fixed

The main repository is ``sdk-nrf``.
It contains the SDK manifest file that enables you to manage the repositories as one code base with the ``west`` tool.

Tools and configuration
***********************

The figure below visualizes the tools and configuration methods in |NCS|.

> They are based on the :ref:`Zephyr toolchain <zephyr:getting_started>`.

Reviewer 2: We shouldn't call this toolchain.

Author: No more toolchain

Reviewer 2: But still an NCS ;) 
(In the figure alt)

Author: Fixed

All of them have a role in the creation of an application, from configuring the libraries or applications to building them.

> .. figure:: images/ncs-toolchain.png

Reviewer 2: Don't think I can comment on the figure, but it says gcc instead of GCC, and Device Tree instead of devicetree.
Also, not sure how you created the figure, but if there is a (Visio) source file for the figure it should be included.

Author: Image stolen from DevZone blog and it is only in .png format. Maybe I can try to play with Visio and create a better one.

   :alt: NCS toolchain

   |NCS| tools and configuration methods

* :ref:`zephyr:kconfig` generates definitions that configure libraries and subsystems.
* :ref:`Devicetree <zephyr:dt-guide>` describes the hardware.

> * Cmake generates build files based on the provided ``CMakeList.txt`` files, which use information from Kconfig and devicetree.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* CMake generates build files based on the provided ``CMakeList.txt`` files, which use information from Kconfig and devicetree.
```

Author: Done

  See the `CMake documentation`_.
* Ninja (comparable to make) uses the build files to build the program, see the `Ninja documentation`_.
* The `GCC compiler`_ creates the executables.

West
====

The Zephyr project includes a tool called ``west`` that enables you to manage multiple repositories.

> This tool is useful as your application uses libraries and features from folders that are cloned from different repositories or projects.
> It keeps control of which commits to use from the different projects.

Reviewer 2: How about:
```suggestion
When developing in the |NCS|, your application will use libraries and features from folders that are cloned from different repositories or projects.
The west tool keeps control of which commits to use from the different projects.
```

Author: Done.
